​In this video, we will review Collecting the Data with an API. ​In this capstone assignment, we will be working with SpaceX launch data that is gathered from ​an API, specifically the SpaceX REST API. ​This API will give us data about launches, including information about the rocket used, ​payload delivered, launch specifications, landing specifications, and landing outcome. ​Our goal is to use this data to predict whether SpaceX will attempt to land a rocket or not. ​The SpaceX REST API endpoints, or URL, starts with api.spacexdata.com/v4/. ​We have the different end points, for example: ​/capsules ​and /cores ​We will be working with the endpoint api.spacexdata.com/v4/launches/past. ​Let’s see how the API works. 
​We will use this URL to target a specific endpoint of the API to get past launch data. ​We will perform a get request using the requests library to obtain the launch data, which we ​will use to get the data from the API. ​This result can be viewed by calling the .json() method. ​Our response will be in the form of a JSON, specifically a list of JSON objects. ​Since we are using an API, you will notice in the lab that when we get a response it ​is in the form of a JSON. ​Specifically, we have a list of JSON objects which each represent a launch. ​To convert this JSON to a dataframe, we can use the json_normalize function. 
​This function will allow us to “normalize” the structured json data into a flat table. ​This is what your JSON will look like in a table form. ​Another popular data source for obtaining Falcon 9 Launch data is web scraping related ​Wiki pages. ​In this lesson, you will be using the Python BeautifulSoup package to web scrape some HTML ​tables that contain valuable Falcon 9 launch records. ​Then you need to parse the data from those tables and convert them into a Pandas data ​frame for further visualization and analysis. ​We want to transform this raw data into a clean dataset which provides meaningful data ​on the situation we are trying to address: ​Wrangling Data using an API, ​Sampling Data, and ​Dealing with Nulls. ​You will notice, in some of the columns, like rocket, we have an identification number, ​not actual data. 
​This means we will need to use the API again targeting another endpoint to gather specific ​data for each ID number. ​These functions are already created for you, and will use the following: ​Booster, ​Launchpad, ​payload, and ​core. ​The data will be stored in lists and will be used to create our dataset. ​Another issue we have is that the launch data we have includes data for the Falcon 1 booster ​whereas we only want falcon 9. ​In this lab, you will need to figure out how to filter/sample the data to remove Falcon ​1 launches. ​Finally, not all gathered data is perfect. ​We may end up with data that contains NULL values. 
​We must sometimes deal with these null values in order to make the dataset viable for analysis. ​In this case, we will deal with the NULL values inside the PayloadMass. ​In this lab, you must figure out a way to calculate the mean of the PayloadMass data ​and then replace the null values in PayloadMass with the mean. ​We will leave the column LandingPad with NULL values, as it is represented when a landing ​pad is not used. ​This will be dealt with using one hot encoding later on. 
